RS install reorg (#2482)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/installing-upgrading/upgrading/upgrade-database.md

    
    ```sh
    rladmin tune cluster default_redis_version 6.0
    ```

## Upgrade prerequisites

Before upgrading a database:

- Review the relevant [release notes]({{< relref "/rs/release-notes/_index.md" >}}) for any preparation instructions.

- Verify that the database version meets the minimums specified earlier.

    To determine the database version:

    - Use the admin console to open the **Configuration** tab for the database.

    - Use the [`rladmin status extra all`]({{<relref "/rs/references/cli-utilities/rladmin/status">}}) command to display configuration details:

        ```sh
        rladmin status extra all
        ```
    
        When the database compatibility version is outdated, <nobr>`OLD REDIS VERSION`</nobr> appears in the command output.

- Verify the cluster is fully upgraded and operational.

    Use the admin console to display the **Configuration** tab for the cluster. The tab displays the cluster version information and the Redis database compatibility version.

> - To avoid data loss during the upgrade, take care to back up the data.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To avoid data loss during the upgrade, back up your data.  
```

    You can export the data to an external location, enable replication, or enable persistence.

    When choosing how to back up data, keep the following in mind:

    - To reduce downtime when replication is enabled, a failover is performed before restarting the master database.

>     - When persistence is enabled without replication, the database is unavailable during restart because the data is restored from the persistence file.  AOF persistence restoration is slower than snapshot restoration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When persistence is enabled without replication, the database is unavailable during restart because the data is restored from the persistence file. AOF persistence restoration is slower than snapshot restoration.
```
